President Nalan
So that you all just bumped into Fan Shao
Have to pay the price
How is that possible?
How can he make a phone call?
Just call President Nalan
Lin Fan
I didn't expect you to be so brave
You know on the phone
Talk to President Nalan in that commanding tone
What's the consequence?
Oh, I see.
President Nalan is here to ask questions
Li Fan, I didn't expect you to be so extravagant.
I appreciate you for stealing the position of president from me
I sucked the whole makeshift group into the water
It's over, President Naran is angered
Our entire Lin Group will be implicated
You could even fall into the abyss of eternal doom
Oops two
Go, you, you shouldn't have said those things just now
It's all right now.
Which minister commits a criminal offense?
How do we deal with this?
Is it oops?
Are you so sure?
Brother Nalan Chang is here to ask questions
Instead of obediently sending the contract?
Ordinary, stop being funny, okay?
Who is President Nalan?
President of Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
The strange woman of the first person in Zhongzhou
Fan'er, have you had enough trouble?
I'm keeping secrets from you now
Hurry up and go to your mother to apologize to President Nanan
Is that so?
President Nanan may be able to see my face
Give you one last chance
that
This matter concerns the future of the entire provisional group
You can't be so partial to him anymore
I want to rely on the anger of President New Nalan
Suspension is not enough.
The best thing to do is to cast him out of the gaze forever
Expulsion of the leader
Now I declare
Jikqilingfan
Civil removal